#statements
#
#category: ATTRIBUTE_IS_VALUE
the number of leader terrorists of Al Quada directly involved in the 911 attacks that day was ten
the area of land in New York City is 304 point 8 square miles
the mean snowfall between 1981 and 2010 in NYC has been 25 point 8 inches
the number of Hispanic people living in the New York metropolitan area is 4 point 8 million
the percentage of New York households that do not own an automobile is 52
#
#category: EXISTENTIAL_SENTENCE
there are 120 school and universities in NYC
there are more than 200 newspaper offices located in New York
there are 24000 restaurants in New York
#
#category: PASSIVE_CONSTRUCTION
the United Nations is headquartered in New York
New York City is located in the Northeastern region of the United States
the sculptures of eagles are located on the 61st floor of the Chrysler Building
the Two highest advertising agencies in the world located in NYC are called Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group
Manhattan is located in Silicon Alley
the Second Department of the Supreme Court is located in Brooklyn
#
#category: PREPOSITIONAL_PHRASE_FRONTING
after the building of new courthouse African burial grounds were discovered in the 1990s
during the Draft Riots of 1863 approximately 120 people died
in the early 1920s London was the second most highly populated city in the world
in January New York City experiences the coldest temperatures
#
#category: SUBJECT_LINKING_VERB_COMPLEMENT
the Lenapehoking was the Lenape homeland
Pelham Bay Park is the largest park in New York City
British Bankers Association was the previous overseer of the London interbank offered rate
the name of the citys public television service is NYCTV
the George Washington Bridge is the busiest bridge in the world
President Franklin d Roosevelt was the first person to drive through the Queens-Midtown Tunnel
#
#category: SUBJECT_VERB_OBJECT
Estevao Gomes commanded the Spanish expedition
General Peter Minuit acquired Manhattan Island through the purchase of glass beads
Great Fire of New York took place under the British occupation
the Hudson River separates New Jersey from the United States
Queens contains the highest population of Asian-Americans
the Bronx has the largest population of ethnic Albanians
the New York film and television industry creates 7 point 1 billion every year
the Global Language Monitor ranked New York as the fashion capital of the world
the New Jersey Devils hockey team plays Newark
the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves takes place at Madison Square Garden
#
#questions
#
#category: HOW_QUESTION
? How many school and universities are in NYC
? About how many people died during the Draft Riots of 1863
? How many leader terrorists of Al Quada were involved with the 911 attacks directly that day
? How many square miles are land in NYC
? The mean snowfall between 1981 and 2010 in NYC has been how many inches
? How many Hispanic people live in the New York metropolitan area
? How much money does the New York film and television industry create every year
? How many newspaper offices are located in New York
? How many restaurants is New York home to
#
#category: WHAT_QUESTION
? What was the name of the Lenape homeland
? What was the myth that Manhattan was bought for by General Peter Minuit
? What notable catastrophe took place under the British occupation
? In the early 1920s what was the second most highly populated city in the world
? What floor of the Chrysler Building has sculptures of eagles at its corners
? What month in New York City is the coldest
? What is the largest park in New York City
? What New York borough contains the highest population of Asian-Americans
? What borough has the largest population of ethnic Albanians
? The Two highest advertising agencies in the world located in NYC are called what
? What is the name of the citys public television service
? What percentage of New York households dont own an automobile
? What numbered department of the Supreme Court is located in Brooklyn
#
#category: WHEN_QUESTION
? When was as African burial ground discovered after the building of new courthouse
#
#category: WHERE_IN_ON_AT_QUESTION
? In what city is the United Nations based
#
.wg United Nations
.ph The United Nations is headquartered in New York
.wg New York
.rw
#
? In what geographical region of the United States is New York City located
#
.wg geographical region
.ph New York City is located in the Northeastern region of the United States
.wg Northeastern
.rw
#
? In what borough is Silicon Alley located
.wg Silicon Alley
.ph Manhattan is located in Silicon Alley
.wg Manhattan
.rw
? At what venue does the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves take place
.wg Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves
.ph Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves takes place at Madison Square Garden
.wg Madison Square Garden
.rw
#
#category: WHICH_QUESTION
? The Hudson River separates NYC from which US state
? Which town do the New Jersey Devils hockey team play
? Which bridge in NYC is the busiest in the world
#
#category: WHO_QUESTION
? Who commanded the Spanish expedition
? Who was the previous overseer of the London interbank offered rate
? Who ranked New York as the fashion capital of the world
? Who was the first person to drive through The Queens-Midtown Tunnel
